docs/troubleshooting: Add instructions on how to use the edge PPA (#893)
ubuntu/authd: docs/reference/troubleshooting.md

:::
::::

## Switch authd to the edge PPA

> Maybe your issue is already fixed! You can try switching to the [edge PPA](https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-enterprise-desktop/+archive/ubuntu/authd-edge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maybe your issue is already fixed! You can try switching to the [edge PPA](https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-enterprise-desktop/+archive/ubuntu/authd-edge), which contains the latest fixes and features for authd.
```

Being maximally obvious.

```{warning}

> Do not use the edge PPA in a production system, because it may apply changes to
> the authd database in a non-reversible way, and it may not be possible to roll
> back easily to the stable version of authd.

Reviewer: Just to clarify, it is trivial to switch back to the stable version of authd (i.e., the commands are shown below) but not if the database has been irreversibly altered?

If so, I would consider changing to:

```suggestion
Do not use the edge PPA in a production system, because it may apply changes to
the authd database in a non-reversible way, which can make it difficult to roll
back to the stable version of authd.
```

Otherwise, the last part reads as if it is difficult in general to switch from edge to stable.

Author: > Just to clarify, it is trivial to switch back to the stable version of authd (i.e., the commands are shown below) but not if the database has been irreversibly altered?

So that could change depending on the state of edge... For example the current edge version could be problematic to revert because we did a database migration.

However in future, it's likely possible to go back without troubles, but that depends on case by case scenario.

In future, I feel we'll be more stable on the APIs and authd internals and we may ask someone to temporary try edge, so the ability to go back is still worth being mentioned IMHO.

```

```shell
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:ubuntu-enterprise-desktop/authd-edge
sudo apt update
sudo apt install authd gnome-shell
```

Keep in mind that this version is not tested and may be incompatible with the current released version of the brokers.

> While this may be unsafe, you can switch back to the stable version of authd:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To switch back to the stable version of authd:
```

I don't think the "unsafe" part is necessary based on what came before.

Author: Ok, I agree warning is enough, I just wanted to make it underlined, but I agree we can avoid it.

```shell
sudo apt install ppa-purge
sudo ppa-purge ppa:ubuntu-enterprise-desktop/authd-edge
```

```{note}
If using an edge release, you can read the
[latest development version of the documentation](https://canonical-authd.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/)
```

> 

Reviewer: Consider changing the heading below:

```diff
- ## Switch the snap to the edge channel
+ ## Switch broker snap to the edge channel
```

This better distinguishes the two edge sections.

:::
::::

## Switch authd to the edge PPA

Maybe your issue is already fixed! You can try switching to the [edge PPA](https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-enterprise-desktop/+archive/ubuntu/authd-edge), which contains the

> latest fixes and features for authd and its GNOME Shell (GDM) counterpart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
latest fixes and features for authd, in addition to its GNOME Shell (GDM) counterpart.
```

Very minor thing for readability: trying to avoid multiple uses of "and" here.
